How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It quickly drew attention to areas of the file that had been changed which
    meant there was less text to review to find the issue.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Earlier versions of a files throughout a project can be reviewed to see if
    any mistakes are made repeatedly.  Old versions of a file can be reviewed
    to see the decision tree that led to a certain outcome.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Commits that are done automatically, while they will ensure that the file
    does get saved periodically, will likely not occur at logical points in the
    development process and so will not be of much use.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    A general file is rarely linked to another, so version control systems
    designed for general files would not need to store commits of multiple files
    together.  This is not true in coding as multiple files are dependent on each
    other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can review all the changes made to your repository using git log and then
    using git diff you can compare one version of that repository to another to
    see what has changed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Changes can be made that may have adverse effects on the code without fear
    of ruining the project because the code can always be restored to a previously
    known working version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Developing a website using version control on a repository consisting of the
    HTML, CSS, and Javascript files.
